DOC update documentation instruction after introducing towncrier (#30083)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/contributing.rst

   non-regression tests should fail for the code base in the ``main`` branch
   and pass for the PR code.

> 5. When a test is added, a new entry should be added to the changelog to acknowledge it.
>    It informs users about the changes and ensures transparency. We use `towncrier` to
>    manage the changelog: you need to create a file in the `upcoming_changes` directory,
>    under the right folder, with a name like `<PULL REQUEST>.<TYPE>.rst`, where `<PULL
>    REQUEST>` is the pull request number and `<TYPE>` is one of the following:
>    `major-feature`, `feature`, `efficiency`, `enhancement`, `fix`, `api`. You can
>    find more details in the `following README
>    <https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/blob/main/doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/README.md>`_.

Reviewer: I am wondering if it is too much detailed, IMO this kind of long list are easily skipped over ...

Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
5. If your PR is likely to affect users, you need to add a changelog entry describing
   your PR changes, see the `following README <https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/blob/main/doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/README.md>`
   for more details.
```
